`azurerm_linux_virtual_machine` `azurerm_windows_virtual_machine` - support `bypass_platform_safety_checks_on_user_schedule_enabled` and `reboot_setting` (#22349)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_virtual_machine.html.markdown

* `boot_diagnostics` - (Optional) A `boot_diagnostics` block as defined below.

> * `bypass_platform_safety_checks_on_user_schedule_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether to skip platform scheduled patch when user schedule is associated to the VM. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `bypass_platform_safety_checks_on_user_schedule_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether to skip platform scheduled patching when a user schedule is associated with the VM. Defaults to `false`.
```

* `proximity_placement_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Proximity Placement Group which the Virtual Machine should be assigned to.

> * `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for platform scheduled patch. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired` and `Never`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for platform scheduled patching. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired` and `Never`.
```
